A name like the wind
And hair like the sun
Rejoicing like a child
A heart filled with pleasance
You’re my driving force
You’re my inspiration
I’m just a man
But you touch me
Martina, Martina, Martina
I’ll ditch all the wenches
Would you like to go dance with me
Eyes like the sea
A laugh like the tide
When you embrace me
We ignite the blaze
Oh yeaheee
You are my muse
Hold creativity
You’re the confuse
while preserving deference
Martina, Martina, Martina
martinamartinamartina...
I’ll ditch all the wenches
...martinamartinamartina...
Martina, Martina, Martina
Would you like to go dance with me
...martinamartinamartina...
...martinamartina: Oh Yeah!
Your curly hair
My well-trimmed beard
Your misty eyes
My new beginning
You, simply there
Me, always tender
You, breathable
Me, close to you
Martina, Martina, Martina
I’ll ditch all the country wenches
Would you like to go dance with me
Martina, don’t you leave me out in the rain!
...
Me!